{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\colortbl;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx792
\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural\pgnx720\pgny720
\fs24\b1Start\b0\fs20\
You are in a log cabin Moose is in the cabin with Sherryl is nice I like her. There's also a pig you have a knife and a key what would you like to do?\
\
\ul -Put the key in the lock turn the key\ulnone \
\ul -Stab the pig and make some bacon\ulnone \
\
\fs24\b1-Hide your kids, hide your wife.\b0\fs20\
From what?\
\
\fs24\b1-Follow him\b0\fs20\
If you meet a stranger, follow him! Just kidding. You follow Eagle and he leads you over a pit of bamboo spikes covered in dung.\
\
\fs24\b1-Put the key in the lock turn the key\b0\fs20\
Phew, glad we're out of there I hated that place. You are on a street now don't mind me I'll just follow you. You see a bunch of a shops you could probably get some candy. There's a candy shop, a laundromat, and a drug store say why were we in a log cabin before?\
\
\ul -Check the laundromat check the drug store\ulnone \
\ul -Hide your kids, hide your wife.\ulnone \
\
\fs24\b1-Check the laundromat check the drug store\b0\fs20\
You check the laundromat, there's a cat in there, it's closed though, then you check the drug store, you go inside, inside there's a mustachioed man sharpening a straight razor, it's got a pearl handle, he give you a dirty look and says "Hey mate, what can I get ya" you don't know what to say\
\
\ul -Ask for a shave\ulnone \
\ul -Punch him in the nose take his money\ulnone \
\
\fs24\b1-Stab the pig and make some bacon\b0\fs20\
I like where' you're going with this but that's not the point.\
\
\fs24\b1-Punch him in the nose take his money\b0\fs20\
You punch him in the nose he bleeds the blood is everywhere and he runs to the bathroom crying you open the register inside is a two dollars, American Eagle flies into the room and introduces himself "My name is Eagle" he says "I can show you chaps where the good shit is".\
\
\ul -Drug him let's try to ransom him for money\ulnone \
\ul -Follow him\ulnone \
\
\fs24\b1-Drug him let's try to ransom him for money\b0\fs20\
There's plenty of Ammonia in the store you throw some in Eagles mouth as he talks about flags or some shit he's knocked out and you call the number on his ankle bracelet you demand 500 dollars, American the operator says he'll wire the money to you.\
\
you win good job\
\
\fs24\b1-Ask for a shave\b0\fs20\
You ask for a shave. He sits you down in a swivel chair and proceeds to slit your throat.\
\
}